docs: add README (#405)
snapshot-labs/sx-ui: README.md

> <div align="center">

Reviewer: Not too fan of the centered section, I'd rather keep it simpler with align in left and badges first, similar than what we did here: https://github.com/bonustrack/obyte.js

>     <h1>SnapshotX</h1>
>     <strong>SnapshotX is an on-chain governance platform.</strong>

Reviewer: SX should be written with a space
```suggestion
    <h1>Snapshot X</h1>
    <strong>Snapshot X is an on-chain governance platform.</strong>
```

</div>
<br>
<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/snapshot-labs/sx-ui/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg">
        <img src="https://github.com/snapshot-labs/sx-ui/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg" alt="Test CI">
    </a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/snapshot-labs/sx-ui" alt="GitHub commit activity">
    <a href="https://github.com/snapshot-labs/sx-ui/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/snapshot-labs/sx-ui/help wanted" alt="GitHub issues help wanted">
    </a>
    <a href="https://discord.snapshot.org/">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/707079246388133940.svg?label=&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2" alt="Discord">
    </a>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/SnapshotLabs">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/SnapshotLabs?label=SnapshotLabs&style=flat&logo=twitter&color=1DA1F2" alt="Twitter">
    </a>
</div>
<div align="center">
    <br>

>     <a href="testnet.snapshotx.xyz"><b>testnet.snapshotx.xyz »</b></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <a href="https://testnet.snapshotx.xyz"><b>testnet.snapshotx.xyz »</b></a>
```
